content/pages/pitching.md, before:

---
title: Pitching Competition
blocks:
  - title: Pitching Sessions - Startup Nights
    description: >-
      The Startup Nights is the biggest event in Switzerland that brings the
      whole startup ecosystem to one table. With this event we want to create
      awareness for startups and their innovations.
    openGraph:
      url: 'https://www.startup-nights.ch/pitching'
      site_name: Startup Nights
      images:
        - url: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2022/pictures/stage.jpg
          alt: Startup Nights Stage
    _template: seo
  - content_block:
      subtitle: In the spotlight
      title: Pitching Sessions
      content:
        - At Startup Nights 2024 there will again be two pitching sessions.
        - >-
          This year, the Swiss finals of Startup World Cup take place as part of the Startup Nights on 1st November 2024.
        - >-
          The winner of the seed pitching competition will get the chance to pitch at the world finals in 2025 in Silicon Valley. At the world finals the Startups have the chance to win a $ 1 million investment from Pegasus Tech Ventures.
        - >-
          This year, there is also a public voting. In each round, the public
          can nominate one startup that will have a chance on stage next to the
          jury-selected startups.
        - The voting is now closed - the winners will be announced shortly.
      list:
        title: Prices per category
        list_items:
          - CHF 5000 for 1st place
          - CHF 3000 for 2nd place
          - CHF 2000 for 3rd place
    contentblock_left: true
    background_color: bg-sn-black-light
    _template: content
  - subtitle: Jury
    title: Heavyweights.
    speakers:
      - name: Andrea Silberschmidt-Buhofer
        position: Managing Partner at EquityPitcher Ventures
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2023/speakers/andrea-buhofer.jpeg
          alt: Andrea Buhofer
      - name: Georg Schumacher
        position: Principal Partnering & Investing
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/speaker/Georg
            Schumacher.jpg
          alt: Georg Schumacher
      - name: Arijana Walcott
        position: 'Managing Partner, DART Ventures'
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/591259665-arijana_walcott_500x500.png
          alt: Arijana Walcott
      - name: Guy Giuffredi
        position: General Partner at koyo
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2023/jury/guy_giuffredi.png
          alt: Guy Giuffredi
      - name: Jacqueline Ruedin Rüsch
        position: Founding General Partner at Privilège Ventures
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/72801623-jacqueline_ruedin_ruesch_500x500.png
          alt: Jacqueline Ruedin Rüsch
      - name: Teddy Amberg
        position: Founding Partner at Spicehaus Partners AG
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2023/speakers/teddy-amberg.jpeg
          alt: Teddy Amberg
      - name: Andreas Göldi
        position: Partner at b2venture
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2023/jury/andreas-goeldi.png
          alt: Andreas Göldi
      - name: Claudius Stammbach
        position: Project Lead at Migros M&A
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2023/jury/claudius_stammbach.png
          alt: Claudius Stammbach
      - name: Aron Braun
        position: Business Angel at BAS and Professor at BHF
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/171844469-aron_braun_500x500.png
          alt: Aron Braun
      - name: Jan Lederhausen
        position: Transaction Manager – UBS Growth Advisory
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/412598289-jan_lederhausen_500x500.png
          alt: Jan Lederhausen
      - name: Craig Cooper
        position: 'Partner, Serpentine Ventures'
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/974311328-craig_cooper_500x500.png
          alt: Craig Cooper
      - name: Pascal Stürchler
        position: Co-Founder & CEO Bloomhaus Ventures AG
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/244509073-pascal_stuerchler_500x500.png
          alt: Pascal Stürchler
      - name: Alex Lubnevskiy
        position: Founder, Author, TEDx Speaker
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/474325617-alex_lubnevskiy_500x500.png
          alt: Alex Lubnevskiy
      - name: Luca Del Medico
        position: 'VC @ Redalpine'
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/426230035-luca_del_medico_500x500.png
          alt: Luca Del Medico
    background_color: bg-sn-black
    _template: speakers
  - content_block:
      subtitle: Our Partner
      title: Startup World Cup
      content:
        - >-
          Startup World Cup is a global conference and competition that brings
          together the top startups, VCs, entrepreneurs and world-class tech
          CEOs.
        - >-
          This year, the finalist of the pitching session at Startup Nights 2024
          gets a ticket to participate in the Startup World Cup!
      cta:
        link: 'https://www.startupworldcup.io/'
        text: More about the Startup World Cup
      background_color: bg-sn-black
    image:
      src: >-
        https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/partner/startup-world-cup.png
      alt: startup world cup logo
    contentblock_left: true
    background_color: bg-sn-black-lightest
    _template: content
---

Commit message:

content: pitching: add selected startups
Signed-off-by: Mischa Jörg <mischa@ninetyfour.ch>

content/pages/pitching.md, after:

---
title: Pitching Competition
blocks:
  - title: Pitching Sessions - Startup Nights
    description: >-
      The Startup Nights is the biggest event in Switzerland that brings the
      whole startup ecosystem to one table. With this event we want to create
      awareness for startups and their innovations.
    openGraph:
      url: 'https://www.startup-nights.ch/pitching'
      site_name: Startup Nights
      images:
        - url: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2022/pictures/stage.jpg
          alt: Startup Nights Stage
    _template: seo
  - content_block:
      subtitle: In the spotlight
      title: Pitching Sessions
      content:
        - At Startup Nights 2024 there will again be two pitching sessions.
        - >-
          This year, the Swiss finals of Startup World Cup take place as part of
          the Startup Nights on 1st November 2024.
        - >-
          The winner of the seed pitching competition will get the chance to
          pitch at the world finals in 2025 in Silicon Valley. At the world
          finals the Startups have the chance to win a $ 1 million investment
          from Pegasus Tech Ventures.
        - >-
          This year, there is also a public voting. In each round, the public
          can nominate one startup that will have a chance on stage next to the
          jury-selected startups.
        - The voting is now closed - the winners will be announced shortly.
      list:
        title: Prices per category
        list_items:
          - CHF 5000 for 1st place
          - CHF 3000 for 2nd place
          - CHF 2000 for 3rd place
    infopoints:
      - name: Selected Startups for Pre-Seed
        text: >-
          Equiverse, Nextgas, DigeHealth, Manukai AG, Ionic Wind Technologies
          Solabs Nanotechnology
      - name: Selected Startups for Seed
        text: >-
          Crowdtransfer, hooq, Rimon Technologies, Tethys Robotics, VYZN AG,
          Citus
    contentblock_left: true
    background_color: bg-sn-black-light
    _template: content
  - subtitle: Jury
    title: Heavyweights.
    speakers:
      - name: Andrea Silberschmidt-Buhofer
        position: Managing Partner at EquityPitcher Ventures
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2023/speakers/andrea-buhofer.jpeg
          alt: Andrea Buhofer
      - name: Georg Schumacher
        position: Principal Partnering & Investing
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/speaker/Georg
            Schumacher.jpg
          alt: Georg Schumacher
      - name: Arijana Walcott
        position: 'Managing Partner, DART Ventures'
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/591259665-arijana_walcott_500x500.png
          alt: Arijana Walcott
      - name: Guy Giuffredi
        position: General Partner at koyo
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2023/jury/guy_giuffredi.png
          alt: Guy Giuffredi
      - name: Jacqueline Ruedin Rüsch
        position: Founding General Partner at Privilège Ventures
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/72801623-jacqueline_ruedin_ruesch_500x500.png
          alt: Jacqueline Ruedin Rüsch
      - name: Teddy Amberg
        position: Founding Partner at Spicehaus Partners AG
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2023/speakers/teddy-amberg.jpeg
          alt: Teddy Amberg
      - name: Andreas Göldi
        position: Partner at b2venture
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2023/jury/andreas-goeldi.png
          alt: Andreas Göldi
      - name: Claudius Stammbach
        position: Project Lead at Migros M&A
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/2023/jury/claudius_stammbach.png
          alt: Claudius Stammbach
      - name: Aron Braun
        position: Business Angel at BAS and Professor at BHF
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/171844469-aron_braun_500x500.png
          alt: Aron Braun
      - name: Jan Lederhausen
        position: Transaction Manager – UBS Growth Advisory
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/412598289-jan_lederhausen_500x500.png
          alt: Jan Lederhausen
      - name: Craig Cooper
        position: 'Partner, Serpentine Ventures'
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/974311328-craig_cooper_500x500.png
          alt: Craig Cooper
      - name: Pascal Stürchler
        position: Co-Founder & CEO Bloomhaus Ventures AG
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/244509073-pascal_stuerchler_500x500.png
          alt: Pascal Stürchler
      - name: Alex Lubnevskiy
        position: 'Founder, Author, TEDx Speaker'
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/474325617-alex_lubnevskiy_500x500.png
          alt: Alex Lubnevskiy
      - name: Luca Del Medico
        position: VC @ Redalpine
        description: ''
        image:
          src: >-
            https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/startups/426230035-luca_del_medico_500x500.png
          alt: Luca Del Medico
    background_color: bg-sn-black
    _template: speakers
  - content_block:
      subtitle: Our Partner
      title: Startup World Cup
      content:
        - >-
          Startup World Cup is a global conference and competition that brings
          together the top startups, VCs, entrepreneurs and world-class tech
          CEOs.
        - >-
          This year, the finalist of the pitching session at Startup Nights 2024
          gets a ticket to participate in the Startup World Cup!
      cta:
        link: 'https://www.startupworldcup.io/'
        text: More about the Startup World Cup
      background_color: bg-sn-black
    image:
      src: >-
        https://startupnights.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/2024/partner/startup-world-cup.png
      alt: startup world cup logo
    contentblock_left: true
    background_color: bg-sn-black-lightest
    _template: content
---
